[USING] Chapter on Using CoinJoin (#342)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

:::details
### What is happening in the input registration phase?

During this phase you and all other peers have the opportunity to register coins that you want to mix in this round.
Your Wasabi client connects to the coordinator server with a unique tor identity called Alice, and with her you send the input proofs, the clear-text change output, and the blinded anonset CoinJoin address.
When all the proofs are valid, the coordinator signs the blinded output without knowing which address this is, and sends this back to Alice.
Since the goal is to have 100 peers in one round, the [input registration phase](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md#input-registration) can take quite a long time.
But regardless how many participatns, two hours after the last CoinJoin this round is complete.
:::

:::details
### What is happening in the connection confirmation phase?

Because the input registration phase can take up to two hours, after it is complete the coordinator needs to ensure that everyone is still online and ready to continue.

> So in the [connection confirmation phase](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md#connection-confirmation) every Alice sends a life signal to the coordinator, and when all have checked in, this phase concludes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So in the [connection confirmation phase](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md#connection-confirmation) every Alice sends a signal to the coordinator, and when all have checked in, this phase concludes.
```

:::

:::details
### What is happening in the output registration phase?

> You use some secret parameters to unblind the blinded CoinJoin output to reveal the cleartext address that still contains the signature of the coordinator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You use some secret parameters to unblind the blinded CoinJoin output to reveal the clear text address that still contains the signature of the coordinator.
```

> Wasabi creates a new tor identity called Bob, and he sends the unblinded anonset output together with the signature to the coordinator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi creates a new tor identity called Bob, and with it you send the unblinded anonset output together with the signature to the coordinator.
```

The coordinator can now verify his own signature, thus he knows that previously he has confirmed that Alice had all valid inputs.

> Immediately after Bob disconnects and the [output registration phase](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md#output-registration) is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immediately after that, Bob disconnects and the [output registration phase](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md#output-registration) is complete.
```

:::

:::details
### What is happening in the signing phase?

After all Alices have registered their inputs and change outputs, and all Bobs their anonset outputs, the coordinator has all the information to build the CoinJoin transaction and include his fee output.

> This raw transaction is send to all Alices, each of them verifies if the transaction is valid and then signs it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This raw transaction is sent to all Alices, each of them verifies the transaction is valid and then signs it.
```

> The signature is send back to the coordinator who accumulates all of them and builds the signed final CoinJoin transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signature is sent back to the coordinator who accumulates all of them and builds the signed final CoinJoin transaction.
```

> The [singing phase](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md#signing) is concluded when the coordinator receives all the signatures.

Reviewer: Isn't the signing phase concluded when the coordinator `builds the signed final CoinJoin transaction`?

Author: According to [this](https://github.com/nopara73/zerolink#f-general-schema) schema it is when the number of signatures = number of inputs.

Reviewer: @nopara73

Reviewer 2: You guys are arguing about nothing :D

After the signatures arrive, the coordinator has to combine the signatures and broadcast the transaction, but that's evident, IMO, so my vote is for the original sentence.

:::

:::details
### What is happening in the broadcasting phase?

> In the [broadcasting phase](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md#broadcasting) the coordinator sends the signed final CoinJoin transaction to several random Bitcoin peer to peer nodes, and it is gossiped throughout the network to the miners.

Reviewer: What do you think to replace `gossiped` by `spread`?

Author: Well, the technical term is gossiping, but spreading makes sense too. However I think it's best to keep it with the original name.
